[Music]
hello everyone I'm Carrie welcome to my
Channel today I'll show you how to make
another delicious fried rice and this
fried rice is tomato and pork fried rice
in Chinese this dish is called funky mm
fan she too knows how fun funky with
Camilo's
judo is pork chop on its brightest so
this fish in Chinese it's called five
years old five let me show you how easy
it to make it are you ready you need a
tuples of the cooked rice sound re for
you two ounces of the point port 2 X Y
pepper powder 1/2 cup of diced bell
pepper 1/2 cup of diced white onion 10
small tomatoes 2 asparagus and a 2 tbsp
of the chopped green onion break two
eggs in a bowl and then add a little bit
of salt and a little bit of white pepper
powder and then Peter eggs in a bowl
diesl asparagus and then cut a tomato
steam Huff's now let's make the fried
rice
you know nonstick walk you add one
tablespoon of the olive oil and then you
add the egg stir the egg gently make
sure they are not in one chunk and then
you can add the bell pepper
why onion and asparagus stir everything
evening stir everything for about 2-3
minutes when the onion is tender you can
add the tomatoes as they're everything
evany now you add the point pork make
sure they're everything evening
about two three minutes when the pork is
ready you add the green onion and the
cooked rice
[Music]
keep stirring everything and make sure
the rice is mixed with all ingredients
evenly and now you add 1/2 teaspoon salt
and 1/2 teaspoon white pepper powder and
then mix everything evening
[Music]
now you can transfer everything to a
serving plate and enjoy
and Cheer Suzhou how fun I hope you
enjoy to this recipe and thank you for
watching good luck
and hold this